Update appliance configuration  login_information.adoc (#1175)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/appliance/configuration/login_information.adoc

/var/lib/univention-appcenter/apps/owncloud/data/custom/ransomware_protection/blacklist.txt.dist
----

> TIP: While you are logged in to the Appliance you can also use ownCloud’s command-line interface `occ` like this: `univention-app shell owncloud occ` -- It is not needed to specify `sudo -u www-data` here. For more information on `occ` commands, refer to xref:configuration/server/occ_command.adoc[Using the occ Command].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: While you are logged in to the Appliance, you can also use ownCloud’s command-line interface `occ`. To do so, use this command: `univention-app shell owncloud occ` plus required parameters. It is not necessary to specify the user the occ command runs with `sudo -u www-data` here. For more information on `occ` commands, refer to xref:configuration/server/occ_command.adoc[Using the occ Command].
```
